# Create Package

* Click Menu: `Product > Package`
* Click Button: `[GAMLA] Lägg till` or `[OLD] Add`

## Create new Package

* Set `Package name` to `$EVENT_NAME`
* Set `Internal name` to `$EVENT_NAME`
* Set `Description` to `$DESCRIPTION`
* Set Dropdown `Project` to `$EVENT_NAME`
* Set `Departure city` to "Ängsbacka"
* Set Checkmark `Activated` to True
* Click Button `Save`

!!! Note
    'Package is created' should be shown on top of the page.

## Connect Arrangement
* In the **Package holder** section, use the yellow searchfield to find the arrangement named `$EVENT_NAME` created in earlier chapter. 
* Click Button `Save`
* Click Button `To package`

## Add Package Group
     
!!! danger "Note"
    This step is a bit tricky, read the whole chapter before continuing.

For this step we need to know what **Product Part** the assigned Products in `$HOTELS` have and add the corresponding template product. This information is also needed in the upcoming chapter **Create Product Capacity**.  
These are the different **Product Parts** as of April 2019.

| Product part | Description | Template product | Price column
| ---- | ----------------- | ---- | ----
| SINGLE | Single room | TEMPLATE_SINGLE | PRICE_SINGLE
| BEINDB | Bed in double room | TEMPLATE_BEINDB | PRICE_BEINDB
| BEIN46 | Bed in 4-6 bed room | TEMPLATE_BEIN46 | PRICE_BEIN46
| BEINDO | Bed in a dorm | TEMPLATE_BEINDO | PRICE_BEINDO
| BEDOFEM | Bed in dorm (females only) | TEMPLATE_BEDOFEM | PRICE_BEINDO
| BEDOMIX | Bed in dorm (mixed gender) | TEMPLATE_BEDOMIX | PRICE_BEINDO
| OWNACCO | I arrange my own acc... | TEMPLATE_OWNACCO | PRICE_OWNACCO
| OWNCARA | Caravan parking | TEMPLATE_OWNCARA | PRICE_OWNCARA
| OWNCAPA | 1 Caravan parking required. Passenger in own caravan | TEMPLATE_OWNCAPA | PRICE_OWNTENT
| OWNTENT | Space for own tent | TEMPLATE_OWNTENT | PRICE_OWNTENT
| VOLPOOL | Volunteer Accommodation | TEMPLATE_VOLPOOL | PRICE_VOLPOOL


> For example; If a price is set in `$PRICE_OWNACCO` you should add **TEMPLATE_OWNACCO** in the next step. And if there's **Products** of type **SINGLE** in the available **Products** for this event, then add **TEMPLATE_SINGLE** in the next step.  

!!! Note
    if `$USE_FEMALE_DORM` is set to **TRUE** you should add **TEMPLATE_BEDOFEM** and **TEMPLATE_BEDOMIX** instead of **TEMPLATE_BEINDO**. This adds gender specific dorms instead.

* Click Button `Add Package Group` at the bottom of the page
* Repeat for all different types of accommodations in `$HOTELS`
    - In the **Package group 1** section, use the yellow searchfield to add the product specified in the column **Template product** above.
        + Set Dropdown `Sök bland flera produkter` to `Sök på alla produkter på hela destinationen` TODO: Language fix
        + Set Checkbox `Sök med rumsoptimering` to True TODO: Language fix.
        + Set Dropdown `Roomtype` to **Product Part**
        + Set Dropdown `Pricetype` to `$PRICE_TYPE`
        + Set `Duration` to `$DURATION`
        + Click Button `Save`
        + Click Button `To package`
        + Repeat for all accommodation type

* Click the Dropdown named `--- Välj regel ---` and choose `Base package. One alternative in the package group MUST be selected.`
* Click Button `Save`

---


You've now created a **Package** and connected it to the **Project** and **Arrangement**. Continue to add capacity to **Products**.

