# Add Product Price

In this chapter we're going to add the price for all different **Product parts** available for this event.

### Finding the price and template product

All products inherit their price from template products. To set the price for all products of a specific **Product part** we'll need to access it's template product.

The price for a specific **Product part** is found in Comers Overview. 
You'll find the column title and the name of the template product in the following table.

| Product part | Description | Template product | Price column
| ---- | ----------------- | ---- | ----
| SINGLE | Single room | TEMPLATE_SINGLE | PRICE_SINGLE
| BEINDB | Bed in double room | TEMPLATE_BEINDB | PRICE_BEINDB
| BEIN46 | Bed in 4-6 bed room | TEMPLATE_BEIN46 | PRICE_BEIN46
| BEINDO | Bed in a dorm | TEMPLATE_BEINDO | PRICE_BEINDO
| BEDOFEM | Bed in dorm (females only) | TEMPLATE_BEDOFEM | PRICE_BEINDO
| BEDOMIX | Bed in dorm (mixed gender) | TEMPLATE_BEDOMIX | PRICE_BEINDO
| OWNACCO | I arrange my own acc... | TEMPLATE_OWNACCO | PRICE_OWNACCO
| OWNCARA | Caravan parking | TEMPLATE_OWNCARA | PRICE_OWNCARA
| OWNCAPA | 1 Caravan parking required. Passenger in own caravan | TEMPLATE_OWNCAPA | PRICE_OWNTENT
| OWNTENT | Space for own tent | TEMPLATE_OWNTENT | PRICE_OWNTENT
| VOLPOOL | Volunteer Accommodation | TEMPLATE_VOLPOOL | PRICE_VOLPOOL

!!! Note
    For example, if we want to add a price for products of **Product part** `SINGLE` we would need to add the price on the product `TEMPLATE_SINGLE`. The price is found in column `$PRICE_SINGLE` in COMERS OVERVIEW.

### Adding price

Repeat these steps for the template products you want prices set.

* Click Menu: `Product > Hotels`
    * In the yellow search field, write and click the name of the template product
    * Click Tab: `Price`
        + Set `From` to `$DATE_FROM`
        + Set `To` to **1 day less than** `$DATE_TO`
        + Set Dropdown `Price type` to `$PRICE_TYPE`
        + Set `Price specification` to `Per person`
        + Set `Grossprice` to the price found in Comers Overview
        + Set `Price for nights` to `$DURATION`
        + Set `Min. length` to `$DURATION`
        + Click Button `Lägg till`

!!! Note
    'Price inserted' should be shown on top of the page.
    
### Testing

You've now added prices to the template products. If you followed this guide from the beginning you should now be able to make a reservation for this event. 

* Click Menu: `Booking > Packages`
* Set `Departure date` to `$DATE_FROM` and press ENTER
* Click Button `Choose` on your created event
* Make sure it looks alright

**Congratulations on creating a bookable event!**

---

In the next chapter you'll learn how to add the supplements _Extra night before_ and _Extra night after_.
